Update UG (#191)
AY2021S1-CS2103T-T10-4/tp: docs/UserGuide.md

#### Listing all students and classes : `list`

You can use this command to see the entire list of students and classes.

Format: `list`

For example:
* After finding the class CS2103T and student Alex, you want to see all students and classes.

> You can type in the command `list` and and press <kbd>Enter</kbd>.

Reviewer: not sure if this sounds better...
```suggestion
* After finding the class CS2103T and student Alex, you wish to view all your students and classes.
Hence, you type in the command `list` and and press <kbd>Enter</kbd>.
```

  
  ![List before](images/ugimages/ListBefore.png)
  

> * Now you can see all the students and classes.

Reviewer: just a suggestion...
```suggestion
* Now you can see all your students and classes.
```

#### Editing an attendance record : `edit-attendance`

You can use this command to edit the attendance of a student.

Format: `edit-attendance c\CLASS_INDEX l\LESSON_INDEX s\STUDENT_INDEX w\WEEK p\PARTICIPATION_SCORE`

* Edits the participation score of the attendance record at the specified `CLASS_INDEX` + `LESSON_INDEX` + `STUDENT_INDEX` + `WEEK`.
* The indexes **must be positive whole numbers** 1, 2, 3, …​
* The `WEEK` must be a positive whole number** 1, 2, 3, …​

> * The `PARTICIPATION_SCORE` **must be a non-negative whole number** 0, 1, 2, …​

Reviewer: Should we put these few points under a `Constraints:` section?

For example:

> * Alex is a student in your CS2103T class. After the lesson in week 1, you want to gave him a participation score of 45.

Reviewer: Would this sound better?
```suggestion
* Alex is a student in your CS2103T class. After your lesson in week 1, you wish to give him a participation score of 45.
```

However, you made a typo error and gave him 35 instead. You can type in the command `edit-attendance c\1 l\1 s\1 w\1 p\45`
and press <kbd>Enter</kbd>.

  ![Edit attendance after](images/ugimages/EditAttendanceAfter.png)

> * Now you have successfully edited Alex's attendance from 35 to 45 points.

Reviewer: should we specify that the score is for participation?
```suggestion
* Now you have successfully edited Alex's participation score from 35 to 45 points.
```
